we're moving on to other news now and at
least 12 Palestinians have been killed
in an Israeli strike in central Gaza it
targeted a un School housing displaced
people in the nth refugee camp the
injured have been rushed to the nearby
alaa
hospital well let's bring in our
correspondent hany Mahmud he's joining
us live from De Al Bala in central Gaza
uh hany what are you hearing about this
latest strike
well in the a little over 24 hours we're
talking about the three atrocities
committed in different parts of the
gastro including hanun M evacuation Zone
further north to a shot of refugee camp
and just within the past couple hours
almost less than uh two hours an air
strike targeted honorable school that's
the United Nations for Palestinian
refugees the turn facility into shelters
and and evacuation centers for the
hundreds of Palestinian displaced
families from the northern part in
different parts of the god strip 12
people reported killed transferred to a
hospital a small siiz Hospital in no
Camp better known as ala Hospital some
of them arrived here to Ala hospital but
the vast majority of those critically
wounded have been transferred to alaka
hospital we' seen some of the most
horrific wounds arriving here uh and for
the most part they are being admitted
into surgeries right away at the
operating theater in an attempt to to
save life we're talking about at close
to 70 people now the tragedy of all of
this is the patterns of these attacks
the patterns of the the kind of
casualties that we looking at again
women and children are making the vast
majority of casualties uh brought to the
hospital whether here or the uh allow
the hospital in NRA refugee camp this is
not the first time we're seeing
facilities uh managed and operated by
Honor being attacked deliberately and
directly targeted by Israeli air air
strikes or in what H what happened in in
the northern part of the gusta when is
military storm uh these evacuation
centers and destroying its facilities
and the properties of these evacuation
uh centers there's a sense of Mayhem
sense of chaos going on right now at the
school it has deepened the the shattered
sense of Safety and Security these
people when they were told to uh leave
their homes in the northern part in Gaza
City or different parts of the Central
Area they uh they found the honorable
facilities a safe haven for them to
protect themselves from the
unpredictable uh Fallen bobs for the
past nine month but so far
sadly these facilities that been turned
into shelters have been the uh the
subject and the side of major attacks by
the Israeli uh occupying forces by
Relentless air attacks and by artill
heavy artilleries for the past nine
months and honey it's difficult to
imagine you know the latest strike on
nth it's difficult to imagine what's uh
left there to attack because it has been
one of the areas Thea the refugee camp
there have been one of the areas that
have been that have seen the biggest
number of attacks over the past more
than 9
months yes well right now almost every
corner of the Gaza Strip has been
repeatedly targeted but notorious among
these is a noat refugee camp just almost
a month ago when there really military
in what it described as a precise
military operation to free a hostages
from a refug camp this really military
and the extent of the the the tragedy
and the crimes committed there continues
to unfold we're talking uh close to uh
to almost 400 people uh who were killed
in that attack on the N refugee camp and
close to 700 of critically wounded and
the fact that the paramedics and civil
defense crew were still just not until
last week they stopped the search they
put all the searge operations into uh
into an end they were looking for people
who were buried under the rubbles buried
under the pile of dirts and pile of sand
that were caused by the Relentless
multiple air strikes and the heavy
artilleries of an entire residential
block at the N refugee camp this is and
what what we're seeing today is is one
uh of many events many horrific events
taking it place at refugee camps and let
me just point out this refugee camp
across the gust trp have been major
sites of Israeli attacks to the point
some of the residents of these refugee
camps started to describe that this war
is against refugee camps against people
who are the children and the grandchild
of Palestinians who were forced from
their own homes and residency in in 1948
and were scattered into different areas
whether here in the Gaza Strip or
outside of the Palestinian territory
hany thank you very much for that update
hanni Mahmud with the latest on the
latest Israeli attack in noat uh joining
us live from there Al Bala in central
Gaza and let's bring in Luigi Danel now
he's a senior lecturer in law of armed
conflict and he's joining us live from
Nottingham in the UK thank you very much
for your time you are an expert in the
laws of armed conflict and it's a day
after one of the deadliest attacks in
Gaza in several months Israel said that
it went after hamas's military leader in
the attack in al- maasi more than 24
hours later no indication he's been
killed but we have uh more than 90
people killed in that attack including
babies more than 140 people killed in
Gaza over the past 24 hours will the
attack in masasi just the latest attack
in nus will these attacks be used
against Israel in the genocide case at
the international court of
justice absolutely they are already
being used in the genocide case and
appropriately so this is now a routine
of the Israeli assault on Gaza and even
attacks on safe areas with devastating
bombs are not new uh we can remember
that in December several news outlets
counted at least
208 craters compatible with 2,000 hom s
in the southern areas of the street of
the strep declared safe since then these
indiscriminate bombardments have
continuously daily killed hundreds of
civilians totaling 15,000 children
killed so when war is conducted so
lawlessly against civilians then it
means that it includes policies
accepting the elimination of a protected
group under the genocide Convention as
if it was an incidental cost of warfare
and how will the justification that
Israel is going after top Hamas leaders
fair in a court of
law Israel has since a long time tried
to devise a distortion of the laws of
war concept of proportionality
progressively dehumanizing hundreds of
Palestinian Ians killed in each attack
as collateral damage this has no legal
basis under the law of War uh collateral
damage means incidental harm to
civilians not excessive in comparison to
the military Advantage Israel is
basically saying that given uh the pursu
of its security uh involved in the
elimination of Senor senior amas
Commander there is no limit of the
amount of Palestinian civilians and
children that can be knowingly
purposefully killed and this is per se a
war crime of disproportionate attacks
criminalized in the r statute of the
international criminal court but the
fact that these war crimes have been
committed in the hundreds means that the
overall policy of the war has a
genocidal character Mr Daniel thank you
so much for your expertise on this we
really appreciate it that is Luigi
Daniel joining us live from notingham in
the
UK thanks for
having make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer